(LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE is on the way to the next set!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE - Sweet Crazy Love"
(They are still half asleep)
(Blurred guys are everywhere...)
JinSoul: We've arrived at the second photo shooting site!
JinSoul: This is... Mul.. Mullaed-dong...
JinSoul: I heard many people usually take a lot of pictures here~!
(Thye look a bit worn out but cheer on until the end!)
(This is an alley in Mullae)
(And the first one who does a photo shoot is Choerry!)
Kim Lip: Hi~
Kim Lip: This place is an alley in Mullae...
Kim Lip: LOOΠΔ's Choerry is doing a photo shoot here like that.
Kim Lip: I'm gonna make a title of this scene.
Kim Lip: It called 'Choerry the leader of the alley'
Kim Lip: I'm the gangster of the alley!
JinSoul: And I'm...
JinSoul: I'm the goddess of the alley!
(The goddess of the alley's acting cute...)
JinSoul: I L O V E Y O U